well here's the next match but not
starting fuck you
try again come on this continues I'm
just gonna quit I'm gonna go to Street
Fighter 4 there's no reason to keep
playing this horrendous fucking online
experience
I'll give this expert team he's picking
what a crack team
and shit begin it's robbed a bot they
again what the fuck now that actually
isn't even starting
Feeny oh my god in a crazy gimmick combo
oh my god
counter hit Ryu that's hilarious I can't
even - backwards I'm trying to get away
and I can super oh my god nothing
happens at all
oh my god
I couldn't do anything hunts look can't
do anything I'm frozen in place it
supposed to be his live team he knows
when when the connection is terrible
pick this team because I can't do
anything about it
I can't even jump oh my god Joe oh my
god
oh you look moves this is great that's
hilarious
yeah I get this not playing the shitty
game now yay well good job Rob for
picking that team god-awful connections
today I could stop playing this shit now
thank you rob I hear you thank you I
don't have to play this anymore
the worst fucking program netcode game
ever